 Is there any means of contacting him?
 Credit cards eliminate the need to carry a lot of cash.
A deep sense of despair overwhelmed him.
A federal judge rejected their demands.
a highly volatile personality
A lack of clean water and sanitation were the main problems.
Allow me to introduce my mother.
an area of outstanding natural beauty 
Awareness of class is a typically British trait.
Back pains can be the result of poor posture.
Blood pressure and heart rate should be measured before treatment.
Can we afford a new car? 
Carry on until you get to the junction, then turn left.
Details of the accident are scarce.
"Doctors never bothered to check his blood pressure. (uğraşmadılar anlamında)
The thing that bothers me is…"
English domestic law 
Farmers are facing ruin after two years of severe drought.
Fire has caused severe damage to the contents of the building.
Gordon snatched up his jacket and left the room. 
He became a casualty of the reduction in part-time work. 
He exploited his father's name to get himself a job.
He is revered as national hero. 
He led a life of virtue. 
He stood staring at the dead body, unable to comprehend. 
He surrendered voluntarily to his enemies.
He was anxious to preserve his reputation.
"He was holding the baby in his arms.
He holds strange views on education."
He was searching for the ever elusive ‘perfect job’.
He wisely decided to tell the truth.
He won't let it trouble his conscience.
Her assets include shares in the company and a house in France.
Her body was sent home for burial.
Her first defeat was an early lesson in humility.
Her latest book makes compelling reading.
"Her parents made sacrifices so that she could have a good education.
Successfully life entail some sacrifices."
Her routine was invariable.
Her writing is imaginative but lacks precision. 
He's a versatile actor who has played a wide variety of parts.
Higher education is relatively autonomous from the government.
His name was engraved on the silver cup.
His speech prompted an angry outburst from a man in the crowd.
His theories have been debunked by recent research.
How do you account for the show's success? 
I am constantly reminded how fortunate I am.
I'm not ready to make a long-term commitment.
I'm trying to figure out a way to make this work.
In debate he was a formidable opponent.
It is a country where corruption is rife. 
It is possible that in the course of time a cure for cancer will be found.
It is useless to speculate why he did it.
It was a tough decision to make.
It was an astute move to sell shares then. 
It was not acceptable for royalty to marry commoners in those days.
It's a relatively straightforward proces. 
legislation enacted by parliament
Luke looked momentarily distracted.
Many of Europe's airports are heavily congested.
Most of the house remains intact even after two hundred years.
My father has made a full recovery from the operation.
Namibia, formerly known as South West Africa.
New businesses thrive in this area.  
Nothing can compensate for the loss of a loved one. 
Nothing would induce me to take the job.
Obesity poses real risks to health and happiness.
Physical and mental fatigue 
Please follow the proper procedures for dealing with complaints.
Please make every endeavor to arrive on time.
Politicians are ultimately accountable to the voters.
She came up with a new idea for increasing sales.
She can't get over her shyness. 
She continued to assert that she was innocent.
She doesn't give up easily.   //  There you are at last! We'd given you up.
She has six previous convictions for theft.  
She has the daunting task of cooking for 20 people every day.
She hopes to emulate her sister's sporting achievements.
She likes to keep up with the latest fashions.
She lost her balance and plunged 100 feet to her death.
She thoroughly despised him for his weakness.
She took out an $8  000 personal loan.
She was known as a hard woman with no compassion, no emotion.
She's not very consistent in the way she treats her children
She's very conscious of the problems involved.
Some dishes would be very bland without the judicious use of spices.
Subsequently, new guidelines were issued to all employees.
Switzerland declared its neutrality.
The building work is creating constant noise, dust and disturbance.
The collection comprises 327 paintings. 
The composer was one of many illustrious visitors to the town. 
The conditions were unfavourable for agriculture.
The cost was negligible. 
The country relies excessively on borrowing from abroad.
The couple decided to go for relationship counselling.
the deployment of resources/staff
The district is under consideration for designation as a conservation area.
"The editor of the newspaper was condemned as lacking integrity.
She publicly condemned the deal."
The faintest tinge of fear
The government is determined to tackle inflation.  
The government proposed changes to the voting system.
The heroine finds herself in mortal peril. 
The idea evolved from a drawing I discovered in the attic.
The implementation of the new system
The issue engendered controversy.
The job entails a lot of hard work. 
The meeting was attended by 90% of shareholders.
The movie helped boost her screen career.
The new trade agreement should facilitate more rapid economic growth.
The newspaper failed to mention a word of Johnson's speech.
The police are very unwilling to interfere in family problems.
The police carried out a thorough investigation.
The project wasted a considerable amount of time and money. 
The road continues beyond the village up into the hills.
The road continues beyond the village up into the hills.
The situation got steadily worse.
The speech was a deliberate attempt to embarrass the government.
The team coach singled out two players for special praise.
the team demonstrate breathtaking skills.
The tests are designed to detect the disease early. 
The text does not explicitly mention him by name.
The town is still trying to cast off its dull image.
The trees were laden with apples.
The union leader gave a short but impassioned public address. 
The union leader gave a short but impassioned public address. 
The window was steamed up with condensation.
The wire brush is very handy for cleaning up old iron and steel.
The work is physically demanding. 
The economic sanctions have been lifted.
There are concerns about the way in which the firm conducts its acitvities.
There are subtle differences between the two versions.
"There were constant interruptions.
They make constantly noisy."
There were tears and embraces as they said goodbye.
These discoveries raise intriguing questions.
They began the difficult descent of the mountain's south face.
They consider themselves to be benevolent employers, providing sick pay and pensions for all their workers. 
They seized the airport in a surprise attack.
They voted to cease strike action immediately. 
They waited for the crowd’s fury to abate.
They were accused of conspiring against the king.
"They were virtually impotent against the power of the large companies.
he is impotent against the his boss. "
They withstood siege, hunger and deprivation. 
This crisis has undermined his position.
This was one aspect of her character he hadn't seen before.
Tim could barely conceal his disappointment.
to violate international law 
Violence intensified during the night. 
We can't base a forecast on inaccurate information.
We have yet to confirm the identities of the victims.
We occasionally meet for a drink after work.
We underestimated the time it would take to get there.
We were horrified at the conditions prevailing in local prisons. 
"Weren't you attuned to new work position?
She wasn't yet attuned to her baby's needs"
What do you think of the show so far?
What is the newspaper's stance on the war? 



810	subsidize	1		1					mali destek saglamk
811	resemble		1	1	She closely resembles her sister.				benzemek
812	curious		1	1	He is such a curious boy, always asking questions.				meraklı
813	intricate		1	1	the building has intricate geometric designs on several of the walls.				karışık
815	maize	1		1					mısır
816	cultivate		1	1	The land around here has never been cultivated.				ekip biçmek, işlemek
817	obscure 		1	1	We went to see one of Shakespeare’s more obscure plays.				belirsiz, muğlak, bilinmeyen
818	staple 		1	1	Jeans are a staple part of everyone's wardrobe.				temel, temel gıda maddesi
819	perish	1		1					 perişan olmak, yok olmak
820	assortment		1	1	He was dressed in an odd assortment of clothes.				çeşit, tür
821	byproducts 	1		1					yan ürünler
822	compostable	1		1					gübrelenebilir
823	simultaneously		1	1	The game will be broadcast simultaneously on TV and radio.				eş zamanlı olarak, aynı zamanda
824	food addictive	1		1					gıda maddesi katkısı
825	ripen	1		1					olgunlaşmak, büyümek
826	versatile	1		1					çok yönlü , çok amaçlı
827	yield	1		1					ürün vermek
828	distinctive	1		1					ayırt edici, farklı
829	shell	1		1					kabuk
830	spoil	1		1					bozulmak, çürümek
	celestial			0					gök yüzü ile ilgili
	embrace			0					kucaklamak
	utilize			0					kullanmak, faydalanmak
	affair			0					olay, vaka, mesele
	possess			0					sahip olmak
	far-reaching			0					kapsamlı
	consequence			0					sonuç, etki
	sacred			0					kutsal
	nonsense			0					saçmalık
	exert			0					kullanmak, uğraşmak
